Ahahahaha
Hey, hey, hey.
I wouldn't let my guard down so easily
You are poisoned
How can it be safe and sound?
Are you a human or a ghost?
The emperor's brother is indeed surrounded by wine cans and rice bags
Dare to challenge the imperial teacher
That makes you laugh!
Bold and sloppy
You really sing like them
It's just a donkey
Has the emperor brother not appeared yet?
Can't you ask my sister to go in person?
It seems that I lost again this time
Of course.
After playing the director
When did the emperor win against me?
Too bad you're so smart
But towards the imperial teacher
It's really good luck
If you join forces with me
Wake up, brother
Buddha knows the power of magic
You can't understand
If you join forces with me
final outcome
That is, buried in a mass grave
At least I tried
Be worthy of your ancestors
What's the use of that
Just for that sad self-comfort
From now on, you don't even have the last freedom
Attacking high walls is what your life is all about
That's all.
It's a good bet
It's normal to lose.
But I don't understand one thing
Where did I lose?